README.rst, before:

code2html
====

Convert source code repository to HTML.

Brief
-----

Do you like reading source code on your mobile devices?

HTML is a light-weight format (unlike PDF or EPUB) that can be easily readed on
every browser-included mobile device.

``code2html`` is a tool converts source code repository to HTML format files so
that you can put them into your mobile devices and read it whenever and
wherever with a beautiful syntax highlight (thanks ``Vim``).

Get rid of those social networking applications, start to **enjoy code reading**.

Requirements
------------

By taking advantages of the magic ``TOhtml`` function from ``Vim``,
``code2html`` requires you have ``Vim`` installed, also if you specify
a non-default color scheme to use, it must be available on your system as well.

Usage
-----
::

    code2html [-h] [--color COLOR] input output
    
    positional arguments:
      input          path to the source code repository
      output         path for saving output files
    
    optional arguments:
      -h, --help     show this help message and exit
      --color COLOR  the color scheme to use for syntax highlighting

Commit message:

Add a --include argument to specify source files
To avoid accident of binary file conversion, now only files match the
specified pattern will be converted.

e.g. --include '*.c' --include '*.py'

README.rst, after:

code2html
====

Convert source code repository to HTML files.

Brief
-----

Do you like reading source code on your mobile devices?

HTML is a light-weight format (unlike PDF or EPUB) that can be easily readed on
every browser-included mobile device.

``code2html`` is a tool converts source code repository to HTML format files so
that you can put them into your mobile devices and read it whenever and
wherever with a beautiful syntax highlight (thanks ``Vim``).

Get rid of those social networking applications, start to **enjoy code reading**.

Requirements
------------

By taking advantages of the magic ``TOhtml`` function from ``Vim``,
``code2html`` requires you have ``Vim`` installed, also if you specify
a non-default color scheme to use, it must be available on your system as well.

Usage
-----
::

    usage: cli.py [-h] [--color COLOR] [--include INCLUDES] input output

    positional arguments:
      input               Path to the source code repository
      output              Path for saving output files

    optional arguments:
      -h, --help          show this help message and exit
      --color COLOR       Specify the color scheme use for syntax highlighting
      --include INCLUDES  Specify file matching patterns, then only the matched
                          files will be convert. Wild card characters are
                          supported. e.g. --include '*.c' --include '?.py'

Example
~~~~~~~

``code2html --color=jellybeans --include '*.py' --include 'ext.cpp' --include
'README.rst' /path/to/input /path/to/output``
